Fix device info is attached to crashes (#1890)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Crashes

* **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if an application is launched in background.

> * **[Fix]** Fix sending device info is attached to crashes.

Reviewer: Add more details here

* **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if an application is launched in background.
* **[Fix]** Validate error attachment size to avoid server error or out of memory issues (using the documented limit which is 7MB).

> * **[Fix]** Fix an issue where crash might contain incorrect data if there was a 2nd crash in a row in the previous version of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue where crash might contain incorrect data if two consecutive crashes occurred in a previous version of the application.
```
